Add Jest 26 blog post (#9950)
facebook/jest: website/blog/2020-05-06-jest-26.md

# Jest 26: Tick Tock

When we started rebuilding Jest five years ago our goal was to provide a batteries-included zero-configuration test runner that is approachable for beginners, extensible for almost all testing use cases and scalable to large projects. One of the most important releases was [Jest 15](https://jestjs.io/blog/2016/09/01/jest-15) which tied all the bits and pieces together and provided great defaults that allowed people to install and run Jest often without any setup. However, this approach has a big downside as Jest installs a lot of dependencies into your projects that you may not need.

We are now beginning to address this shortcoming and are working on reducing Jest’s install size while keeping it approachable and extensible. We have made the following breaking changes in Jest 26:

<!--truncate-->

* `[expect, jest-mock, pretty-format]` Remove `build-es5` from all packages ([#9945](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9945))
* `[jest-config, jest-resolve]` Remove support for `browser` field ([#9943](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9943))
* TypeScript definitions requires a minimum of TypeScript v3.8 ([#9823](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9823))

> With these changes combined, Jest 26 is now X MiB smaller than Jest 25.5.4 (Y → Z MiB). While this is a good start, it isn’t enough to make Jest meaningfully leaner. Since most of the changes to reduce Jest’s default setup are breaking, we want to bring the community with us as much as possible. Therefore we will make the following changes in Jest 27 and Jest 28 using a [“Tick-Tock" release process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tick%E2%80%93tock_model):

Reviewer: Based on https://packagephobia.now.sh/result?p=jest@26.0.0-alpha.0:
```suggestion
With these changes combined, Jest 26 is now 2.6 MiB smaller than Jest 25.5.4 (35.7 MiB → 33.1 MiB). While this is a good start, it isn’t enough to make Jest meaningfully leaner. Since most of the changes to reduce Jest’s default setup are breaking, we want to bring the community with us as much as possible. Therefore we will make the following changes in Jest 27 and Jest 28 using a [“Tick-Tock" release process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tick%E2%80%93tock_model):
```

Author: Can you change the language to use "MB" instead of "MiB" then? They are different things, `packagephobia` uses MB.

Reviewer: I'd say let's stick to the numbers you provided based on local install

* Jest 27 will ship with a new test runner (`jest-circus`), new fake timers with Lolex and the node.js environment by default. `jest-jasmine2`, the previous FakeTimers implementation and `jsdom` will still be bundled so users can keep using them by changing one-line each in the configuration.

> * Jest 28 will remove `jast-jasmine2`, FakeTimers and `jsdom` from the default distribution of Jest. The packages will still be actively maintained as part of the Jest project and be published separately. Users will need to install these packages to use them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Jest 28 will remove `jest-jasmine2`, legacy FakeTimers and `jsdom` from the default distribution of Jest. The packages will still be actively maintained as part of the Jest project and be published separately. Users will need to install these packages to use them.
```

Reviewer 2: this is back, @cpojer don't force push 😀

Upon upgrading to these major releases, Jest will guide you through the necessary changes. If you’d like to get ahead and migrate to the new architecture now you can upgrade to Jest 26 and add the following configuration options:

```
TODO Simen/jeysal: configuration example
```

## Other Breaking Changes in Jest 26

* Dropped support for Node 8 ([#9423](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9423))
* `[jest-environment-jsdom]` Upgrade `jsdom` to v16 ([#9606](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9606))
* `[jest-runtime]` Remove long-deprecated `require.requireActual` and `require.requireMock` methods ([#9854](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9854))
* `[jest-haste-map]` Removed `providesModuleNodeModules` ([#8535](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/8535))
* `[jest-circus]` Fail tests if a test takes a done callback and have return values ([#9129](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9129))
* `[jest-circus]` Throw a proper error if a test / hooks is defined asynchronously ([#8096](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/8096))
* ***TODO***

## Stay Safe

> We are all currently experiencing an unprecedented time in recent history. If you were recently laid off because of the ongoing pandemic and are struggling, we are happy to support you using [Jest’s OpenCollective fund](https://opencollective.com/jest). Check out this list of tasks and comment on the ones you’d like to work on to get started.

Author: Honestly unsure if this is ok wording. I would like to show people support and give them opportunities given that we have the funds but I am not sure what the most sensible way to propose that to people is.

Reviewer 3: This feels a bit direct, I think we can soften it and also hit towards "we can add new bounties to existing issues"

```suggestion
We are all currently experiencing an unprecedented time of uncertainty. If you are struggling financially, we would like to use [Jest’s OpenCollective fund](https://opencollective.com/jest) to help new and existing contributors. We have an existing [list of issues with a bounty](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+bounty+label%3A%22Has+Bounty%22) but are open to offering a bounty on any of our current open issues - you can mention that this issue should have a bounty in the issue or contact us privately via _x_.
```

We have the open collective email - and maybe there are other routes (did that GH private security issues ship?) unsure, but open to ideas

Author: I like this, that's great, thank you.

---
title: Jest 26: Tick Tock
author: Christoph Nakazawa
authorURL: http://twitter.com/cpojer
authorFBID: 100000023028168
---

# Jest 26: Tick Tock

When we started rebuilding Jest five years ago our goal was to provide a batteries-included zero-configuration test runner that is approachable for beginners, extensible for almost all testing use cases and scalable to large projects. One of the most important releases was [Jest 15](https://jestjs.io/blog/2016/09/01/jest-15) which tied all the bits and pieces together and provided great defaults that allowed people to install and run Jest often without any setup. However, this approach has a big downside as Jest installs a lot of dependencies into your projects that you may not need.

We are now beginning to address this shortcoming and are working on reducing Jest’s install size while keeping it approachable and extensible. We have made the following breaking changes in Jest 26:

<!--truncate-->

> * `[expect, jest-mock, pretty-format]` Remove `es5` build files from with a new minimum of support of ES2015 (Node 8) - the es5 build files were only for browsers.  ([#9945](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9945))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `[expect, jest-mock, pretty-format]` Remove `es5` build files from with a new minimum of support of ES2015 (Node 8) - the es5 build files were only for browsers. ([#9945](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9945))
```

* `[jest-config, jest-resolve]` Remove support for `browser` field ([#9943](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9943))
* TypeScript definitions requires a minimum of TypeScript v3.8 ([#9823](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9823))

> With the above changes Jest 26 is now 4 MiB smaller than Jest 25.5.4 (53 → 49 MiB). Please keep in mind that many dependencies like Babel are likely already part of your project. Jest's own size was reduced from 4.3 MiB to 3.1 MiB.

Author: Added the sizes comparing 26 alpha and 25.5.4.

> While this is a good start, it isn’t enough to make Jest meaningfully leaner. We are planning on gradually reducing Jest's size by about 70%. Most of the changes to reduce Jest’s default setup will be small breaking changes and we want to bring the community with us as much as possible. Therefore we will make the following changes in Jest 27 and Jest 28 using a [“Tick-Tock" release process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tick%E2%80%93tock_model):

Author: I think 70% is reasonable if we remove Babel, Jasmine and JSDOM from the default install. Removing all of them likely has a bigger effect than removing them one by one as some transitive deps are probably shared.

> While this is a good start, it isn’t enough to make Jest meaningfully leaner. We are planning on gradually reducing Jest's and it's dependency tree size by about 70%. Most of the changes to reduce Jest’s default setup will be small breaking changes and we want to bring the community with us as much as possible. Therefore we will make the following changes in Jest 27 and Jest 28 using a [“Tick-Tock" release process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tick%E2%80%93tock_model):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While this is a good start, it isn’t enough to make Jest meaningfully leaner. We are planning on gradually reducing Jest's and its dependency tree size by about 70%. Most of the changes to reduce Jest’s default setup will be small breaking changes and we want to bring the community with us as much as possible. Therefore we will make the following changes in Jest 27 and Jest 28 using a [“Tick-Tock" release process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tick%E2%80%93tock_model):
```

> * Jest 27 will ship with a new test runner (`jest-circus`), new fake timers with Lolex and the node.js environment by default. `jest-jasmine2`, the previous FakeTimers implementation and `jsdom` will still be bundled so users can keep using them by changing one-line each in the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Jest 27 will ship with a new test runner (`jest-circus`) and the node.js environment by default. `jest-jasmine2` and `jsdom` will still be bundled so users can keep using them by changing one-line each in the configuration.
```

> * Jest 28 will remove `jest-jasmine2`, FakeTimers and `jsdom` from the default distribution of Jest. The packages will still be actively maintained as part of the Jest project and be published separately. Users will need to install these packages to use them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Jest 28 will remove `jest-jasmine2` and `jsdom` from the default distribution of Jest. The packages will still be actively maintained as part of the Jest project and be published separately. Users will need to install these packages to use them.
```

Upon upgrading to these major releases, Jest will guide you through the necessary changes. If you’d like to get ahead and migrate to the new architecture now you can upgrade to Jest 26 and add the following configuration options:

> ```
> TODO Simen/jeysal: configuration example
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json
{
  "jest": {
    "testEnvironment": "jsdom",
    "testRunner": "jest-circus/runner"
  }
}
```
```

> 

Reviewer 2: we mention babel in the 70% thing, should have a paragraph about it.

---

Jest will continue to ship with `babel-jest` active by default. It currently powers a few Jest features beyond just transpiling modern JS syntax to something understood by current versions of Node.js and browsers. It also powers Jest's code coverage and mocking of ES modules. Jest currently ships with experimental support for V8 coverage and native support for ES Modules (more on that below!). By spec, it is not possible to mock static ES Modules without transforming the code first, so we will be encouraging patterns that work without the transformation we use Babel for today. All this to say - when V8 coverage and native ESM support stabilizes in Jest, we will also be able to not ship `babel-jest` by default. Same as with `jest-jasmine2` and `jest-environment-jsdom` mentioned above, `babel-jest` would still be actively maintained and released as part of the Jest project.

## Other Breaking Changes in Jest 26

* Dropped support for Node 8 ([#9423](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9423))
* `[jest-environment-jsdom]` Upgrade `jsdom` to v16 ([#9606](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9606))

> * `[jest-runtime]` Remove long-deprecated `require.requireActual` and `require.requireMock` methods ([#9854](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9854))

Reviewer 2: we should call out the lint rule that will autofix this for folks

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest/releases/tag/v23.9.0

* `[jest-haste-map]` Removed `providesModuleNodeModules` ([#8535](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/8535))
* `[jest-circus]` Fail tests if a test takes a done callback and have return values ([#9129](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9129))
* `[jest-circus]` Throw a proper error if a test / hooks is defined asynchronously ([#8096](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/8096))
* ***TODO***

## Stay Safe

> We are all currently experiencing an unprecedented time of uncertainty. If you are struggling financially, we would like to use [Jest’s OpenCollective fund](https://opencollective.com/jest) to help new and existing contributors. We have an existing [list of issues with a bounty](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+bounty+label%3A%22Has+Bounty%22) but are open to offering a bounty on any of our current open issues - you can mention that this issue should have a bounty in the issue or contact us privately via _x_.

Author: What's the best way to reach us privately? :D

Reviewer 2: DM you on twitter? 😀

Author: Yeah I'm fine with that.

---

> title: Jest 26: Tick Tock

Reviewer 4: Would recommend a more descriptive title like:

**Jest 26: Reducing install size with better defaults and tick tock release cycles**

author: Christoph Nakazawa
authorURL: http://twitter.com/cpojer
authorFBID: 100000023028168
---

# Jest 26: Tick Tock

When we started rebuilding Jest five years ago our goal was to provide a batteries-included zero-configuration test runner that is approachable for beginners, extensible for almost all testing use cases and scalable to large projects. One of the most important releases was [Jest 15](https://jestjs.io/blog/2016/09/01/jest-15) which tied all the bits and pieces together and provided great defaults that allowed people to install and run Jest often without any setup. However, this approach has a big downside as Jest installs a lot of dependencies into your projects that you may not need.

We are now beginning to address this shortcoming and are working on reducing Jest’s install size while keeping it approachable and extensible. We have made the following breaking changes in Jest 26:

<!--truncate-->

> * `[expect, jest-mock, pretty-format]` Remove `ES5` build files with a new minimum of support of ES2015 (Node 8) which were only used for browser builds ([#9945](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9945))

Reviewer 5: Will jest simply drop support for ES5 environments or is there some migration path available? That path should probably be mentioned in the blog post.

Reviewer 2: the plan is https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9635#issuecomment-623093145, we haven't done it yet though

* `[jest-config, jest-resolve]` Remove support for `browser` field ([#9943](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9943))
* TypeScript definitions requires a minimum of TypeScript v3.8 ([#9823](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9823))

With the above changes Jest 26 is now 4 MiB smaller than Jest 25.5.4 (53 → 49 MiB). Please keep in mind that many dependencies like Babel are likely already part of your project. Jest's own size was reduced by 1.2 MiB (4.3 -> 3.1 MiB).

> While this is a good start, it isn’t enough to make Jest meaningfully leaner. We are planning on gradually reducing Jest's and its dependency tree size by about 70%. Most of the changes to reduce Jest’s default setup will be small breaking changes and we want to bring the community with us as much as possible. Therefore we will make the following changes in Jest 27 and Jest 28 using a [“Tick-Tock" release process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tick%E2%80%93tock_model):

Reviewer 6: > by about 70%

Is this an arbitrary goal or do we actually have a basis to believe we can achieve this? Because if not, I think we can just omit those words and not say how much exactly we are hoping for.

Author: It seems realistic if we remove jsdom, jasmine and Babel eventually.

> * Jest 27 will ship with a new test runner (`jest-circus`) and the node.js environment by default. `jest-jasmine2` and `jsdom` will still be bundled so users can keep using them by changing one-line each in the configuration.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Jest 27 will ship with a new test runner (`jest-circus`) and the Node.js environment by default. `jest-jasmine2` and `jest-environment-jsdom` will still be bundled so users can keep using them by changing one-line each in the configuration.
```

> * Jest 28 will remove `jest-jasmine2` and `jsdom` from the default distribution of Jest. The packages will still be actively maintained as part of the Jest project and be published separately. Users will need to install these packages to use them.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Jest 28 will remove `jest-jasmine2` and `jest-environment-jsdom` from the default distribution of Jest. The packages will still be actively maintained as part of the Jest project and be published separately. Users will need to install these packages to use them.
```
(jsdom is not maintained as part of the Jest project, thank goodness :sweat_smile: )

> Upon upgrading to these major releases, Jest will guide you through the necessary changes. If you’d like to get ahead and migrate to the new architecture now you can upgrade to Jest 26 and add the following configuration options:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Upon upgrading to these major releases, Jest will guide you through the necessary changes. If you’d like to get ahead and migrate to the new defaults now (and your project does not require a DOM environment) you can upgrade to Jest 26 and add the following configuration options:
```

```json
{
  "jest": {

>     "testEnvironment": "jsdom",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "testEnvironment": "node",
```

😅

    "testRunner": "jest-circus/runner"
  }
}
```

Jest will continue to ship with `babel-jest` enabled by default. It currently powers a few Jest features beyond compiling modern JS syntax to something understood by current versions of Node.js and browsers. It also powers Jest's code coverage and mocking of ES modules. Jest currently ships with experimental support for V8 coverage and native support for ES Modules (more on that below!). It is not possible to mock static ES Modules per the specification without transforming the code first, so we will be encouraging patterns that work without the transformation we use Babel for today. Once V8 coverage and native ESM support stabilizes in Jest, we will also be able remove `babel-jest` as a default but we will keep maintaining it.

> 

Reviewer 6: Just throwing in a comment in addition to the PR description to make sure we don't forget:
`@jest/globals` and the new fake timers deserve a mention (probably inserted at this line) as well

> Jest will continue to ship with `babel-jest` enabled by default. It currently powers a few Jest features beyond compiling modern JS syntax to something understood by current versions of Node.js and browsers. It also powers Jest's code coverage and mocking of ES modules. Jest currently ships with experimental support for V8 coverage and native support for ES Modules (more on that below!). It is not possible to mock static ES Modules per the specification without transforming the code first, so we will be encouraging patterns that work without the transformation we use Babel for today. Once V8 coverage and native ESM support stabilizes in Jest, we will also be able remove `babel-jest` as a default but we will keep maintaining it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jest will continue to ship with `babel-jest` enabled by default. It currently powers a few Jest features beyond compiling modern JS syntax to something understood by current versions of Node.js and browsers. It also powers Jest's code coverage and mocking of ES modules. Jest currently ships with experimental support for [V8 coverage](/blog/2020/01/21/jest-25#v8-code-coverage) and native support for ES Modules (more on that below!). It is not possible to mock static ES Modules per the specification without transforming the code first, so we will be encouraging patterns that work without the transformation we use Babel for today. Once V8 coverage and native ESM support stabilizes in Jest, we will also be able remove `babel-jest` as a default but we will keep maintaining it.
```

tried to link to the section about v8 coverage in teh 25 blog post, not sure I succeeded

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## New implementation of fake timers

Since 2017 we've been wanting to swap out Jest's implementation of fake timer with the more feature-complete implementation of Lolex - with Jest 26 this is finally happening! It took so long Lolex has even been renamed in the meantime to `@sinonjs/fake-timers`. It has taken so long since we wanted to make sure the implementation was solid and was usable for all the use cases Jest already supported. We're now confident it is stable enough for everybody to use.

The new implementation comes with some extra features, such as mocking `Date`, `queueMicrotask` and more, see their [readme](https://github.com/sinonjs/fake-timers/blob/master/README.md) for more details. We're calling the APIs through the Jest APIs you already know, so keep calling `jest.runAllTimers()` etc. like you've been doing. The docs as always are available [here](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/timer-mocks) on our website.

While we are confident this implementation is ready for prime time, we don't want to force people to rewrite their tests if they depend on Jest's current implementation to work, so for Jest 26 this new implementation will remain _opt-in_. Activate it by calling `jest.useFakeTimers('modern')` or by passing `modern` as the option in your config if you currently have `fake` there.

We will continue to support the legacy implementation going forward, but we will swap the default over to the "modern" timers in Jest 27. At that time you can opt-in to the legacy implementation by specifying `jest.useFakeTimers('legacy')`. If you know _now_ that you want to keep using the legacy implementation, you can specify that today and not have to change anything when Jest 27 comes around.

Huge thanks to [Carl-Erik Kopseng](https://github.com/fatso83), [Benjamin Gruenbaum](https://github.com/benjamingr) and other maintainers of `@sinonjs/fake-timers` for their help and patience when working with us to make this happen!
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## New way to consume Jest - `@jest/globals`

Jest has used the widely known `describe`, `it`, `test` and `expect` globals throughout its lifetime - it's a widely used pattern, it's very easy to get started quickly and we all like the ease globals offers us when writing code. That said, we've heard (loud and clear) that many people don't like globals and that they'd like to import the functions in their tests instead.

With Jest 26<sup>*</sup>, this is now a possibility through the use of a new package called `@jest/globals`. So now you can do `import { expect, jest, test } from '@jest/globals';` in your tests to your heart's content!

A couple of quick caveats:

1. The globals still exist in the environment - we will introduce a `noGlobals` mode in the future for those who wants no globals whatsoever
1. There's currently no clean way to add custom matchers to the TypeScript definitions. Help appreciated fixing that.
1. If you do `const {jest} = require('@jest/globals')` - i.e. don't use transpiled (or native) `import` syntax, you will get declaration errors as we still inject `jest` into the module scope of every file. The `noGlobals` mode will alleviate this issue

<sup>*</sup>) This was released in 25.5, but we didn't blog about it!
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ## Native ESM support

As mentioned in the [Jest 25 blog post](/blog/2020/01/21/jest-25#ecmascript-modules-support) we have begun exploring native support for ECMAScript Modules. This work started shipping in Jest 25.3, and has received bug fixes and features in every release since. We're still some distance away from it stabilizing, but any and all help testing it would be highly appreciated! For an overview of the current state you can check out [this issue](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/9430), or browse all issues with that label [ES Modules](https://github.com/facebook/jest/labels/ES%20Modules).

## Other Breaking Changes in Jest 26

* Dropped support for Node 8 ([#9423](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9423))
* `[jest-environment-jsdom]` Upgrade `jsdom` to v16 ([#9606](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9606))
* `[jest-runtime]` Remove long-deprecated `require.requireActual` and `require.requireMock` methods ([#9854](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9854))
* `[jest-haste-map]` Removed `providesModuleNodeModules` ([#8535](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/8535))
* `[jest-circus]` Fail tests if a test takes a done callback and have return values ([#9129](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/9129))
* `[jest-circus]` Throw a proper error if a test / hooks is defined asynchronously ([#8096](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/8096))

> * ***TODO***

Reviewer 2: should add #9965

## Stay Safe

> We are all currently experiencing an unprecedented time of uncertainty. If you are struggling financially, we would like to use [Jest’s OpenCollective fund](https://opencollective.com/jest) to help new and existing contributors. We have an existing [list of issues with a bounty](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+bounty+label%3A%22Has+Bounty%22) but are open to offering a bounty on any of our current open issues - you can mention that this issue should have a bounty in the issue or contact [@cpojer via private message on Twitter](https://twitter.com/cpojer).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
We are all currently experiencing an unprecedented time of uncertainty. If you are struggling financially, we would like to use [Jest’s Open Collective fund](https://opencollective.com/jest) to help new and existing contributors. We place [bounties on some issues](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+bounty+label%3A%22Has+Bounty%22) and are open to offering a bounty on any of our current open issues - you can mention that an issue should have a bounty in the issue or contact [@cpojer via private message on Twitter](https://twitter.com/cpojer).
```
* OpenCollective => Open Collective (correct branding)
* and make the bounty list sound a bit less pretentious (but still open and inviting) given there's currently only one on there (and who knows, maybe a future blog reader will click it and be presented with zero)

```json
{
  "jest": {
    "testEnvironment": "node",
    "testRunner": "jest-circus/runner"
  }
}
```

Jest will continue to ship with `babel-jest` enabled by default. It currently powers a few Jest features beyond compiling modern JavaScript syntax to something understood by current versions of Node.js and browsers: It also powers Jest's code coverage and mocking of ES modules. Jest currently ships with experimental support for [V8 coverage](/blog/2020/01/21/jest-25#v8-code-coverage) and native support for ES Modules (more on that below!). It is not possible to mock static ES Modules per the specification without transforming the code first, so we will be encouraging patterns that work without the transformation we use Babel for today. Once V8 coverage and native ESM support stabilizes in Jest, we will also be able remove `babel-jest` as a default but we will keep maintaining it.
## New implementation of fake timers
## Native ESM support

> ## New way to consume Jest - `@jest/globals`

Reviewer 7: Some things went wrong here I think

Reviewer 2: thanks, I've moved them around now
